README.md, before:

# aipass3
AIP Assignment 3

# Common Coding Principle

1. Variable Names
    - use camelCase for identifier names (variables and functions).
    - All names start with a letter.

2. Spaces Around Operators
    - Always put spaces around operators ( = + - * / ), and after commas

3. Code Indentation
    - Always use 4 spaces for indentation of code blocks

4. Simple Statement Rules
    - Always end a simple statement with a semicolon

5. Complex Statement Rules
    - Put the opening bracket at the end of the first line.
    - Use one space before the opening bracket.
    - Put the closing bracket on a new line, without leading spaces.
    - Do not end a complex statement with a semicolon.

6. Object Rules
    - Place the opening bracket on the same line as the object name.
    - Use colon plus one space between each property and its value.
    - Use quotes around string values, not around numeric values.
    - Do not add a comma after the last property-value pair.
    - Place the closing bracket on a new line, without leading spaces.
    - Always end an object definition with a semicolon.

7. Line Length
    - For readability, avoid lines longer than 80 characters.
      If a JavaScript statement does not fit on one line, the best place to break it, is after an operator or a comma.

8. Loading JavaScript in HTML
    - Use simple syntax for loading external scripts (the type attribute is not necessary)

9. Use Lower Case File Names

* Source: https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_conventions.asp

# Angular JS Specific Coding Principle //Richie

1.

# Node JS Specific Coding Principle //Shawn

1.

# HTML Coding Principle // Vatsh

1.

Commit message:

html code edit and readme edit with html coding standards

README.md, after:

# aipass3
AIP Assignment 3

# Common Coding Principle

1. Variable Names
    - use camelCase for identifier names (variables and functions).
    - All names start with a letter.

2. Spaces Around Operators
    - Always put spaces around operators ( = + - * / ), and after commas

3. Code Indentation
    - Always use 4 spaces for indentation of code blocks

4. Simple Statement Rules
    - Always end a simple statement with a semicolon

5. Complex Statement Rules
    - Put the opening bracket at the end of the first line.
    - Use one space before the opening bracket.
    - Put the closing bracket on a new line, without leading spaces.
    - Do not end a complex statement with a semicolon.

6. Object Rules
    - Place the opening bracket on the same line as the object name.
    - Use colon plus one space between each property and its value.
    - Use quotes around string values, not around numeric values.
    - Do not add a comma after the last property-value pair.
    - Place the closing bracket on a new line, without leading spaces.
    - Always end an object definition with a semicolon.

7. Line Length
    - For readability, avoid lines longer than 80 characters.
      If a JavaScript statement does not fit on one line, the best place to break it, is after an operator or a comma.

8. Loading JavaScript in HTML
    - Use simple syntax for loading external scripts (the type attribute is not necessary)

9. Use Lower Case File Names

* Source: https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_conventions.asp

# Angular JS Specific Coding Principle //Richie

1.

# Node JS Specific Coding Principle //Shawn

1.

# HTML Coding Principle // Vatsh

1. ID names should be defined in camelCase
2. class names should be defined in lowercase
3. All html tages should be defined in camel case
4. no use of inline css styles and javascript
5. Html Comments should show the end of html div's
5. Proper html indentation should be applied
6. Non-empty html elements must have corrsponding closing tags
7. html document type must be declared as the first line of html code
